well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so it looks like we got to talk
about that shooting in Houston again you
know won't were that the leash Union
president came out afterward said don't
you talk bad about our cops you know
don't stir the pot against our officers
we got your number kind of making veiled
threats well now we know why they didn't
want anybody talking about it turns out
that warrant the affidavit used to get
the warrant well it was entirely
fabricated
it's what the latest reports are saying
the CI is the confidential informant you
were said to go and buy the heroin from
this house oh that never happened
Wow uh and the officer one of the
officers he had heroin in his car crazy
that's all public now now I need to do a
little bit of a disclosure notice and
explain something before we get to the
next part in 2016 Houston PD targeted an
independent journalist even had him
under surveillance wound up bringing him
up on trumped-up charges which of course
were eventually wiped out but they made
his life uncomfortable for a while now
I'm sure you're familiar with the
concept of the thin blue line nd
journalists work the same way especially
when it comes to a government agency
targeting someone when that happened
every investigative independent
journalist in the country started
cultivating sources and contacts within
it Houston Police Department so let me
tell you what I've heard but first we're
gonna talk about the public face the
public face the Chief of Police is out
there saying don't pay us all with a
broad brush isolated incident a few bad
apples same song and dance we always
hear and then the same song and dance we
always hear about the victim demonizing
them don't forget you know we didn't do
this willy-nilly there was a 9-1-1 call
of somebody who was maybe the mother of
somebody who might have done
heroin at this house maybe and they had
drugs a little bit of marijuana a little
bit of coke and they had guns in Texas
two shotguns a Winchester and a
remington not the weapons of the drug
dealer that's the public face now from
what I understand maybe they were a
private faces a little different maybe
the private face is telling people to
tear their mother cases apart and that's
what you'd be done but they're not just
doing it to the officers involved in the
raid they're doing it to the entire
division 200 people doesn't seem like
they believe it's an isolated incident
the same time as I'm criticizing and
keeping it private I want to give the
Chief of Police credit for at least
attempting to look into it that is the
right thing to do but you don't need to
do it you need to bring in the FBI
because there's going to be a whole
bunch of questions you don't even want
to ask much less know the answer to from
what I understand in this division you
are going to find out that you have a
lot of professional lawful investigators
not going to say epical because I don't
believe in the war on drugs but they're
operating within the law and you've got
a lot of officers who've seen one too
many episodes of the shield if you
actually do an investigation that's what
you're going to find out let me give you
some questions you're not gonna want to
ask where the heroin come from did it
come out of the end evidence locker or
are those officers out there shaking
people down what about the CIS are they
paid confidential informants are they
paid the ones that were mentioned in
this they didn't do anything though
where'd the money go
certainly this guy didn't pay him to do
nothing if he did they probably would
have said they did it there's probably
gonna be a whole slew of charges come
out of this if you actually want to look
into it
but you need to bring somebody in that
doesn't have a loyalty that doesn't want
to cover for their buddy it isn't part
of that thin blue line and please stop
demonizing the victim willy-nilly you
and I both know that that 9-1-1 call was
not enough to get a warrant for a
no-knock raid that's where that
marijuana and that Coke that's where
that evidence came from in court that
would be suppressed but you got no
problem talking to the press about it
something that wouldn't be allowed in a
courtroom you're using to slander dead
people really and then there is one
other question I have one of these
officers had heroin in his car what
makes you think he didn't have pot and
coke
anyway it's just a fault y'all have a
good night